Update setup instructions to use knife configure (#2048)
chef/chef-workstation: docs-chef-io/content/workstation/getting_started.md

If you're setting up Chef Workstation **as a Chef user**, then you will need to setup your unique client private key that corresponds to a client on the Chef Infra Server that your server administrator creates for you. The client private key is an RSA private key in the `.pem` format.

### Configure Your User Credentials File

Your `.chef` directory contains a `credentials` file used to communicate with the Chef Infra Server. You can generate this file by running `knife configure` and following the prompts.

The `knife configure` command requires the following values:

> * `Chef Server URL`: the full URL to your Chef Infra Server including the org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Chef Server URL`: the full URL to your Chef Infra Server including the org
```

> * `Client Name`: the client name your server administrator created for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Client Name`: the client name your server administrator created for you
```

> This information should be provided by your Chef administrator. If using Hosted Chef or Chef Manage this information can be found in the Starter Kit file. Download the file on the Manage site by navigating to the Administration tab and selecting Starter Kit. (**Manage > Administration > Starter Kit > Download Starter Kit**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Chef administrator should provide this information. For Hosted Chef or Chef Manage, you can find this information in the Starter Kit file. Download the file on the Manage site by navigating to the Administration tab and selecting Starter Kit. (**Manage > Administration > Starter Kit > Download Starter Kit**)
```
